elder sister
He's your grandfather.
He is Mr. Lu
He is Mr. Lu's grandfather
Grandpa deer has a good meal
Throat pain after taking medicine
Bastard, you grandpa deer
The deer always asked
You must rest ASAP.
I'll go up first
I sent Grandpa Deer home
Hey wait
This little girl is my savior
You want to give him a promotion and a raise
You are the girl who took Grandpa Lu to the hospital last time.
Grandpa Lu also gave me Mr. Lu's personal mobile phone number
What can't be added?
Then I get in the car
Goodbye grandpa
You must bring that girl today
Otherwise, I will go to the company to make trouble
Please cancel my doll kiss with Gu's relatives first.
You unfilial grandson
How do you know it's not suitable if you haven't seen it?
No one is suitable except Gu Yun
Your dad is in a hurry
Lin Zheng, you came at the right time.
You bring your niece-in-law to meet my dad
He is on a business trip
I'll let you out two
It pisses me off.
Why did you let me owe you a favor?
Remember that.
I have the phone.
Grandpa won't force you to leave me your phone number
You have no intention of divorcing the land war at all
I haven't figured out how to tell him yet
Stop talking nonsense and sign this agreement as much as possible
I can still keep a land war alive
So what happened?
Of course, he paid for his life
You must not have an accident when answering the phone website.
Hello, the user you dialed is temporarily unavailable.